thank you darling
why on earth go to India I think we I
think we need fella need a break from
the rat race rednecks my anniversary
treat you married for seven so it's a
form of marital therapy you're Nigel
aren't you sorry do I know you I'm her
husband you can have her knife with my
blessings on one condition
hear me out I hope you'll find my story
interesting Merson believe Olli says
he's a sick man he imagined things
you've got the hots for feel sorry
vertigo that's all so sorry that your
tongues hanging out do you want her yes
or no you still don't know me at all
Nigel have to explain what can we be
learn
20 minutes till just again did I ever
say was it's hard to relate to something
that doesn't concern you
maybe it already does